Master Sun, after tonight,
The financial burden you requested will be placed on your hands.
Please take care of me until then.
Well, our group also sings Mr. Sun, please take good care of him.
Don't say that, the matter of the heir is still tantamount to announcing.
What else is there to announce?
Well, besides you, who else can accept this indulgence?
Hahahahaha, let’s see how long it takes for him to apply?
Yiyi, don’t eat.
knew.
Let's go in first.
Jingming, what happened in the past was my fault.
If you drink this glass of wine today, let it be bygones.
Forgive me.
I usually don’t drink
But since it was you who poured it
Then I'll have a drink
Then don't sleep in the guest room tonight
Let's go back to the house and sleep. We had a fight.
Sleep in separate rooms
That side please
You are all friends of my Jiang Yang in the business world.
Can you come to my birthday party tonight?
Of course I'm very grateful.
The most important thing tonight is
i want to announce
Who is the next member of the Jiang family?
After many years of observation
heir position
i have decided i declare
The heir is
Master Sun Master Sun is dead
Why does it feel so painless to die?
Master Sun had the accident because he drank the wine he gave him. You're talking nonsense. I didn't.